README.md, before:

## ImmutableEncoder{8,16,32}

We all love immutable types in Solidity. I mean, variables inlined in the bytecode at construction time, that's wild!
But being limited to only value types can suck at times. Maybe you want the flexibility of an array of addresses, a struct or god-forbid a string.
Well, look no further! ImmutableEncoder{8,16,32} gives you the full range of solidity types with the gas efficency of immutable variables.

### How, you ask?

Well nothing amazing. We declare a bunch (i.e. 8, 16 or 32) of `immutable bytes32 slotXX` which will act as a continous memory location supporting max 256, 512 and 1024 bytes respectively. 
We `abi.encode` a struct that we want to write into a `bytes` that we pad to the full length of the memory location. 
We, quite frankly, dangerously cast `bytes` to `bytes32[]` by modifying it's memory structure in assembly, because we like living dangerously.
We save each element of the array into the `slotXX` immutable variables. 
Later on, we revers this by creating a `bytes32[]` from the `slotXX` immutable variables, we assembly-foo it into a `bytes` type and then `abi.decode` the hell out of that struct.

### Why, you ask?

For science.

## Usage

```solidity
struct Params {
    string test;
    address[] addrs;
    bool isFunky;
}

contract Example is ImmutableEncoder16 {
    constructor(Params memory params) ImmutableEncoder16(abi.encode(params)) {}

    function doSomething() {
      Params memory params = getParams();
      // ...
    }

    function getParams() public view returns (Params memory) {
        return abi.decode(params(), (Params));
    }
}
```

### Install

```bash
forge install bowd/immutable-encoder
```

Commit message:

docs: add gas cost to readme

README.md, after:

## ImmutableEncoder{8,16,32}

We all love immutable types in Solidity. I mean, variables inlined in the bytecode at construction time, that's wild!
But being limited to only value types can suck at times. Maybe you want the flexibility of an array of addresses, a struct or god-forbid a string.
Well, look no further! ImmutableEncoder{8,16,32} gives you the full range of solidity types with the gas efficiency of immutable variables.

### How, you ask?

Well nothing amazing. We declare a bunch (i.e. 8, 16 or 32) of `immutable bytes32 slotXX` which will act as a continous memory location supporting max 256, 512 and 1024 bytes respectively. 
We `abi.encode` a struct that we want to write into a `bytes` that we pad to the full length of the memory location. 
We, quite frankly, dangerously cast `bytes` to `bytes32[]` by modifying it's memory structure in assembly, because we like living dangerously.
We save each element of the array into the `slotXX` immutable variables. 
Later on, we revers this by creating a `bytes32[]` from the `slotXX` immutable variables, we assembly-foo it into a `bytes` type and then `abi.decode` the hell out of that struct.

### Why, you ask?

For science.

### So, what's the scoop?

| Slots   | Decode Gas Cost |
|---------|-----------------|
| 8       | ~2200           |
| 16      | ~4500           |
| 32      | ~9000           |

## Usage

```bash
forge install bowd/immutable-encoder

```

```solidity
struct Params {
    string test;
    address[] addrs;
    bool isFunky;
}

contract Example is ImmutableEncoder16 {
    constructor(Params memory params) ImmutableEncoder16(abi.encode(params)) {}

    function doSomething() {
      Params memory params = getParams();
      // ...
    }

    function getParams() public view returns (Params memory) {
        return abi.decode(params(), (Params));
    }
}
```
